I think that cryptology is a lot of fun because the people you meet in
cryptology were frequently kind of the intellectuals I was on active
duty down homestead Air Force base once when the word officer down
there said the first thing you want to tell the nurses from the hospital
when you see them in the officers club is here cryptologist because
they're sick and tired of putting up with egotistical doctors
and egotistical pilots but they love cryptologist because they know
you're intellectuals he read a lot of books and that you have some appreciation
of the fine arts so that's the sort of thing that kind of
keeps you excited about not being in cryptology